## In this microtask, we will try to understand the meaning of the attributes in the JSON document generated by perceval

> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute timestamp?

The timestamp is the UNIX timestamp at which the data was fetched from the data source.



> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute updated_on?

The UNIX timestamp that the data source was last updated at.

It is added as metadata in the data source in the perceval backend as shown [here](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/805d73122b871c29146a70601d8f3d78267b41e1/perceval/backend.py#L163)


> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute origin?

Origin signifies the data source that a specific data item was fetched from.

This is usually set when initializing the backend, as done [here](https://github.com/Syn3rman/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/8ccad5e7863b6781409bf9051ea6a0d8349e14d8/perceval/backends/core/git.py#L78) in the case of the git backend.


> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute category?

The category is the category of item to be fetched. It can be `messages` in case of the [slack backend](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/805d73122b871c29146a70601d8f3d78267b41e1/perceval/backends/core/slack.py#L36), or `issues` and `pull requests` in the case of the [GitHub backend](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/805d73122b871c29146a70601d8f3d78267b41e1/perceval/backends/core/github.py#L40).


> How many categories do the Git and GitLab backends have?

The Git backend only supports the `commit` [category](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/fee51cd793131cdaa0a2e10d0f0183eed12fb995/perceval/backends/core/git.py#L48) while the GitLab backend supports the categories `issues` and `merge requests`. 


> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute uuid?

The `uuid` attribute provides a unique identifier for all the items fetched by perceval.
To generate the uuid, the [function](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/805d73122b871c29146a70601d8f3d78267b41e1/perceval/backend.py#L427) takes list as an input, concatenates them together with a colon seperator and returns the SHA-1 hash of the string.

That is, sha1(":".join(l)) where l was the list passed to the uuid generator.


> What is the meaning of the JSON attribute search_fields?

Search fields are attributes provided by the backend class to simplify query operations. They are included as dicts.

By default, `search_fields` contains the id of the item, obtained via the method `metadata_id`

In the case of GitHub, it adds the [owner and repo info](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/791a2d3f92f0b07451fb17160353afbb6aecdee2/perceval/backends/core/github.py#L161)

> What is stored in the attribute data of each JSON document produced by Perceval?

The data attribute contains the information extracted by the data source.